---
slug: deploy 2502
title: Deplo 2502
# authors: [slorber, yangshun]
tags: [deploy]
---

## Description:
<code>Deploy 2502:</code> **Security, Compliance & Performance Enhancements** – Includes Velocity Rules for transaction risk control, mandatory 2FA for all users, BigDataCorp CPF/CNPJ validation integration, configurable PIX expiration, improved notification retries, Kushki México (SPEI) support, streamlined merchant creation, PSP selection fix, JOBS structure improvements, soft descriptor length increase, and various internal optimizations.

{/* truncate */}

## Items

### 1. Velocity Rules(Internal Functionality)

- Velocity Rules are firewall rules that allow us to block transactions exceeding predefined limits.
- Rule Variables:
  - Identifier (e.g., Tax ID, email)
	-	Contract
	-	Merchant
	-	Payment Method
	-	Transaction Status
	-	Limit Type: Amount (value limit) or Number of Transactions
	-	Timeframe: Per transaction or over a specified number of days
- Examples:
  1. Rule by Identifier (Tax ID or Email):
  - Tax ID: 123
	-	Maximum Amount: BRL 5000
	-	Country: Brazil (BR)
	-	Payment Method: Credit Card
	-	Status: PAID (Only applies to transactions with PAID status)
	-	Timeframe: Last 30 days
  2. Rule by Merchant:
  - Merchant: X
	-	Maximum Amount: BRL 10,000
	-	Country: Brazil (BR)
	-	Payment Method: Boleto
	-	Limit Type: Per transaction
- These rules help enforce security measures by restricting high-risk transactions based on configurable parameters.

### 2. Two Factor Authentication (Notify the merchant)

With this update, logging into the Backoffice and Merchant Admin interfaces will require two-factor authentication (2FA).

The process will be clearly explained in the system.

Here’s how it will work:

1.	Log in with your usual username and password.
2.	A verification code will be sent to the registered email address.
3.	Enter the code received in your email.
4.	Once verified, you will be able to log in as usual.

**Two-factor authentication will be mandatory for all merchants, as well as for internal users.**

With 2FA enabled for everyone, combined with the Whitelist feature, we believe our system will be significantly more secure against any future login attempts (such as those we have already encountered).

### 3. BigDataCorp 

CPF and CNPJ Validator - BDC

We will integrate two methods:

1.	On-Demand CPF and CNPJ Query with the Federal Revenue Service: This will query the SERPRO database in real-time (referred to as BDCOD for simplicity).
	-	Provides updated data, similar to what we have today.
2.	Basic Registration Data Query: This will query their own database (referred to as BDCBD for simplicity).
	-	Provides updated data, at most, every 105 days and acts as a fallback.

These methods should be considered independent for prioritization purposes. Just like today, we have the order: SERPRO > CPFCNPJ > MOCKPAG, we will have: BDCOD > SERPRO > BDCBD > CPFCNPJ > MOCKPAG.

However, in the case of BDCBD, the last validation date against the SERPRO database is stored in the “LastUpdateDate” field, and it may be older than the system configuration allows for a valid CPF. That’s why I created the following cycle specifically for when this happens.

### 4. PIX Expiration (Notify the merchant)

It will now be possible to set the desired expiration time for PIX transactions.

-	Maximum: 10 days
-	Minimum: 1 minute
-	Default: 48 hours (current setting)

### 5. Notifications - Retry Attempts

Delivery Status Logging:
- The system must store the delivery status of each notification sent (e.g., success, failure, pending retry).
- In case of failure, log the cause (e.g., timeout, connection error, invalid endpoint).

Automatic Retry:
- If the delivery fails, the system should automatically schedule a retry after a predefined interval (e.g., 5 minutes).
- Up to 3 retry attempts should be made before marking the notification as undelivered.

Manual Retry Request:
- Add an option in the transaction details view for manual notification retries.
- This option should be accessible to both the company admin and the merchant admin.

Notification History:
- Include a notification history in the transaction details view showing:
- Date/time of each attempt.
- Status of each attempt.
- Error message, if applicable.

### 6. Kushki México - Bank Transfer (SPEI)

Basically, Kushki’s Bank Transfer in Mexico uses the SPEI method for transactions. What we will have initially with Kushki is a fallback option for SPEI.

We can consider adding a percentage for Kushki as well, once validated, if deemed necessary.

### 7. Create Merchant in a Single Request

To streamline the process with HubSpot, we’ve developed an endpoint that allows merchants to be created with all their details in a single request.

This will enable us to revisit the topic of automation through HubSpot.

### 8. FIX CHOOSE PSP (Acquirer Rule)

A fix was implemented to improve the selection process when there are more than two PSPs to choose from.

### 9. Improvement In JOBS Structure

Improvement in JOBS Structure

We have implemented architectural and technical enhancements for automated JOBS.

JOBS are cyclically executed scripts that run continuously.

Examples of JOBS:
- Generation of statements and settlements
- Transaction cancellations
- And more

### 10. Increase Soft Descriptor Length to 16 Characters 

The soft descriptor character limit has been increased to 16 characters.

### 11. Internal Improvements and Standardizations

- Contract_methods Table
- SCORE set to FULL on creation
- Other enhancements and optimizations