---
slug: deploy 2504
title: Deploy 2504
# authors: [slorber, yangshun]
tags: [deploy]
---

## Description:
<code>Deploy 2504:</code> We are launching new updates to make your merchant administration experience even more secure, efficient, and user-friendly — including smarter permission controls, easier password recovery, and enhancements to PayCash in Chile.

**Here’s what’s new:**

- **Production:** April 15, 2025
- **Sandbox:** Now available for testing

<!-- truncate -->
---

### 1. RBAC – Smarter user management with Role-Based Access Control

    You can now assign different roles to your team members when creating or updating users in the Merchant Admin.
    Think of it as giving people access only to what they need — like an accountant who only sees reports, while an administrator manages everything. This adds clarity, security, and flexibility to your team’s workflow.

    **New role mapping at launch:**

    - The main USER roles ➝ will now be called MERCHANT ADMINISTRATOR
    - The current additional user roles ➝ will now be called ACCOUNTANT

---

### 2. Forgot your password? No problem.

    We’ve added a "Forgot Password" feature to the login screen.
    Just enter your email, verify using a code sent to your inbox, and set a new password in a few easy steps.

---

### 3. PayCash Chile just got easier

    For merchants and customers in Chile, the PayCash checkout now includes a new “Payment Locations” button, showing all PayCash payment points on an interactive map.
    In addition, the API now includes an `auxiliary_url` so this location map can be easily integrated into your flow.

---

### 4. Clearer login alerts

After 3 failed login attempts, our alert email is now more informative — showing you:

- The number and time of recent failed attempts
- The IP address used
- A direct link to reset your password

---

If you have any questions or come across anything that needs our attention, feel free to reach out. We’re here to support you proactively.

**We look forward to your feedback!**