---
slug: deploy 2503
title: Deploy 2503
# authors: [slorber, yangshun]
tags: [deploy]
---

## Description:
<code>Deploy 2503:</code> We're excited to share the latest updates, designed to enhance transaction efficiency, transparency, and security, all based on valuable merchant feedback.

<!-- truncate -->

### 1. Bank Transfers Now Available in Peru, Chile, and Colombia

    We’ve completed all necessary back-office integrations to support bank transfers in these countries.

    To enable this feature, please contact Sales for commercial agreements and reach out to Accounts to receive the technical documentation and setup instructions.

### 2. Improved Visibility for Rejected Credit Card Transactions

    Merchants can now see the BIN (first 6 digits) and last 4 digits of rejected cards when reviewing declined transactions. This improvement makes it easier to find and resolve issues faster.

### 3. Greater Transparency in Firewall-Blocked Transactions

    When a transaction is blocked due to Global Firewall rules, you’ll now receive a detailed response, offering clarity on vendor rejections while maintaining privacy.
    Levels can be CONTRACT, MERCHANT, or GLOBAL.

    **Example Response:**

    ```
    {
        "code": "01.06.0001",
        "description": "Blocked by firewall rules - Level: GLOBAL, Field: EMAIL"
    }
    ```

### 4. API Keys – Final Implementation Step

We’ve completed all technical requirements for API Key authentication.

Final deployment is scheduled for 5am BRT  tomorrow – no downtime expected.
We’ve thoroughly tested this internally, ensuring a smooth rollout.

For any questions, feel free to contact Accounts.

Thank you for your continued partnership. Stay tuned for more enhancements!